yet again these Palestinian families in
Rafa grab what little they have
following orders from the Israeli
military to evacuate or risk
death my family is made up of four
people there are also four others in my
brother's family totaling eight where
can we go I haven't even taken down my
tent we need money to take it down many
here were forced from Central and
Northern Gaza to escape Israeli
bombardment
they were told Rafa would provide
safety but with Israeli military strikes
here many are
leaving I was displaced from Alay to Al
then to D Bal then to Rafa and this will
be the fifth
displacement we have no idea where we
will go the situation is bad we didn't
sleep throughout the night with shs over
our
heads Israeli tanks have flocked the
rough border
crossing putting a choke hold on any
essential Eight coming into the
strip the closure of the Rafa Crossing
has prevented the entry of trucks
carrying medicine medical equipment and
fuel that is necessary for hospitals and
has prevented the departure of thousands
of wounded people and patients who were
waiting to
travel among them is 8-year-old Lama
aboli she and her cousin sustained
injuries in an Israeli air strike last
month they were both scheduled to get
treatment
appro today my name was at the border
and I should travel to get my legs
treated they hurt I'm supposed to have
an operation because the border crossing
is shut today I couldn't travel I'm sad
because I didn't leave
today after 7 months of war the path for
more than 1.5 million Palestinians
remains uncertain as does the supply the
human Arian Aid into the strip with
warnings they could be further
depleted eight groups calling for Israel
to deescalate now and say there is no
plan B for the people in Rafa tar abazo
Al jazer Rafa
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer
but